
Sprint 4
* Moderate questions and answers (4 user stories)
* Achievements (1)

In detail:
1. Moderate questions:

    Allow any user to make a report against a question, report button goto -> question report page
    The report page has:
        the question at the top with its details (user who asked, upvotes, downvotes)
        report option checkboxes (inappropriate, false information, etc.)
        a description textbox for more details (not necessary to fill in)
        submit button or discard button (just go back and nothing changes if discard)
    If a report is made for a question, moderation is done in the backend - count num reports plus net votes and decide to delete questions or not. (Decide moderation model here - consider stats we collected)
    If a question gets deleted, it does not appear in the questions page and only the question maker can view his deleted question in his profile page. Clicking on it will take the user to a page where everything is disabled and there is a report message for it being removed.

2. Moderate answers:

    Allow any user to make a report against an answer, report button goto-> answer report page
    The report page is similar to the question one but with the answer and its details at the top.
    Once a report is made, then the answer is under moderation - active reports exist.
    For the user who made the answer, their answer will have a flag saying it is under moderation - nothing else. They won't get notifications. They will only see this if they view their answer in that page.
    For the question maker, they will see that an answer is under moderation and will click on a button to moderate it goto-> report summary page.
    The report summary page has:
        The answer at the top.
        Each report listed below in chronological order where active reports are highlighted.
        Options at the bottom to keep or remove the answer.
    If an answer is removed, then it won't appear for anyone (not even the answer maker).
    If an answer is kept, then everything goes back to normal. The answer still and exists and is no longer under moderation (i.e. no active reports exist). Question maker can still view the report summary page but no interactions.
    If a new report is made on an answer that already had previous reports then the process is repeated.

3. Moderate comments:

    The post maker (question maker or answer maker) is allowed to delete a comment under their post.
    The comment will then be rewritten as comment deleted but still remain there.
    The comment maker can still see their comment but it will also have a message stating their comment was deleted and not visible to the public. (Maybe have a stroke through their comment?)

4. Achievements:

     Section in profile page;
     A badge (icon) for a specific achievement plus a description of this achievement.
     Other users should be able to see this when they view another user's profile page.
     At least 5 varying achievements.


The user stories are:

    moderate questions
    	-Backend Moderation
    	-Question gets "removed" at report threshold(report limit > 10)
    	-Question poster can still find question on profile page => indicate removal
    moderate answers
    	-Answ maker only sees under report flag
    	-Ques owner has access to report summary page per answer => "deactivate" reports || remove answer
    view and interact with report summary page
    	-report summary will show reports in order => highlight "active" reports
    	-"deactivate" reports || remove answer
    moderate comments
    	-post owner can 'hide' comments
    	-arbitrary users will only see "COMMENT REMOVED"
    	-comment owners will see a line through indicating comment removal
    achievements
    	-5 achievements
    	-achiement summary page
